Requirements.md, before:

# Requirements 

## 1) Texture blocks defined shadows with movement

1.0) The software shall provide shadows to the world texture blocks.

1.1) The software's texture blocks shall produce shadows from a light source.

1.2) The software's texture blocks shall change the location of the shadows produced based on the location of the light source.

## 2) Trees and plants defined shadows with movement

2.0) The software shall provide shadows to the world's environment, including all trees and plants.

2.1) The software's trees and plants shall produce shadows from a light source.

2.2) The software's environment shall change the location of the shadows produced based on the location of the light source.

## 3) Sun for a reference light source

3.0) The software shall provide a bright light source in the virtual sky.

3.1) The software shall have the light source move across the sky appropriately to simulate days.

3.2) The software shall have the light source take up no more than 30% of the screen space.

Commit message:

Changed requirement 3.0 and 3.1
Deleted the word "bright" from 3.0 because it was too ambiguous. Changed 3.1 because a day and night cycle already exist in the game.

Requirements.md, after:

# Requirements 

## 1) Texture blocks defined shadows with movement

1.0) The software shall provide shadows to the world texture blocks.

1.1) The software's texture blocks shall produce shadows from a light source.

1.2) The software's texture blocks shall change the location of the shadows produced based on the location of the light source.

## 2) Trees and plants defined shadows with movement

2.0) The software shall provide shadows to the world's environment, including all trees and plants.

2.1) The software's trees and plants shall produce shadows from a light source.

2.2) The software's environment shall change the location of the shadows produced based on the location of the light source.

## 3) Sun for a reference light source

3.0) The software shall provide a light source in the virtual sky.

3.1) The software shall have the light source move across the sky in accordance to the simulated day and night cycle.

3.2) The software shall have the light source take up no more than 30% of the screen space.
